This repository contains the homework assignments for [CIS 4710/5710: Computer Organization & Design](http://cis.upenn.edu/~cis5710/). Below we describe some of the important computing tools you'll need to use this semester.

# Docker

All of the software tools needed to compile, run and test your code are packaged into the `cis5710/hw-base:latest` Docker container which is [hosted on Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/cis5710/hw-base). You can install Docker on your computer, and then grab this container to get all of the tools at once. 

First, install Docker for your OS. For Windows/Mac users, you'll probably want to use [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/get-started/). Linux users may prefer to install via your regular package manager.

Then, you can pull the *container image*, which is the set of files that will be inside the running *container*. Pull the image via:
```
docker pull cis5710/hw-base:latest
```

And then run it to launch the *container*. This puts you inside an Ubuntu Linux command-line system with all of the tools installed. Launch the container with:
```
docker run -it cis5710/hw-base:latest /bin/bash
```

You should also configure Docker to [share a directory with your host machine](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-share-data-between-the-docker-container-and-the-host) so that your files are saved when the container is terminated. We may need to make updates to the container image throughout the semester, so you will want to be able to restart your container (to obtain those updates) without losing your work.

If you'd like to install the tools locally instead, you can follow our [Dockerfile](docker/Dockerfile) for guidance.

# GtkWave

While most of the tools we use run on the Linux command line, viewing waveforms is best done visually. Thus, you will want to install the GtkWave waveform viewer directly on your machine. In general, waveform files will be generated by running your design inside the container, and then you'll want to view those waveform files *outside* the container.

### Linux

On Ubuntu:

```
sudo apt-get install gtkwave
```

You can then run `gtkwave SOMETHING.vcd &` to view the waveforms.

### Mac OSX

We recommend you use the [homebrew package manager](https://brew.sh):

```
brew cask install gtkwave
```

You can then launch `gtkwave`, and open the `.vcd` file with `File => Open New Window` or `File => Open New Tab`. Running `open SOMETHING.vcd` also opens gtkwave automatically, as does double-clicking the `.vcd` file in Finder.

### Windows

Download the Windows version of Gtkwave from [SourceForge](https://sourceforge.net/projects/gtkwave/files/): choose one of the win64 `.zip` files. After you unzip the archive, you can find `gtkwave.exe` inside its `bin` directory, and double-click to launch GtkWave from there. There is no need to install anything.

### General GtkWave tips

The list of signals in the bottom left shows only those for the currently-selected module instance in top-left box. There is also a `filter` box at the bottom you can use to quickly narrow down the list.

**Save your waveform view**

You can use `File => Write Save File` to save a `.gtkw` file that records the signals you have opened, along with radix and color. You can then reload this via `File => Read Save File` when viewing a new waveform to quickly pull up all the useful signals in an organized way.

**Use markers to remember important places**

With `Markers => Drop named marker` you can leave a mark at a particular time to make it easier to find again if you scroll away.
